Now we’re back here in our app.
And we’re going to be using the Book interface
in this example, so lets open up book.ts and
make a few changes.
These properties right here reflect our API,
for this example
I want to use properties that match what’s
currently being displayed.
So I’ll comment this out for now.
And then add in these new properties for use
in our service.
Now I’m now going to add a new file called
book.service.ts.
I’ll start by exporting a class of BookService.
Now I need to add in my imports.
First will be Injectable from angular core.
Then Http from angular dash http.
And also import my Book Interface.
Above my class definition I need to add my
Injectable decorator.
Then inside of my class I’m going to create
a method called getBooks which is of type
IBook for our interface.
Then I’m going to return an array of books.
And this array is going to the same array
that we hardcoded into our books-list component
file.
So I’ll just copy from there and paste it
into our service.
We need to make sure we register our serivce
as a provider in our app.module file.
So we’ll go into that file, import our BookService
from its location.
Then add key of providers to our NgModule
that defines an array and currently just holds
our bookService.
Now we’re ready to use our service inside
our component.
Going back into our books-list component file
I’ll start off my importing our service.
Then I’m going to add a new property of
books which is an array of type Ibook.
So here we’ll be using the books as what
was being used down below.
Below that I’ll add my constructor.
Inside the parenthesis I need to add a private
variable of underscore bookService is of type
BookService which we just imported.
The convention whenever injecting services
inside the constructor is to prefix the variable
declaration with an underscore.
Then inside of the curly brackets is where
I’m going to set my books property equal
to my bookService dot getBooks method.
This is going to do the same thing as this
code right here, so we’ll just comment it
out for now.
In future demonstrations we’re going to
be using ngOnInit here as opposed to loading
our data inside the constructor.
This example is mainly is just to get you
familiar with the constructor and how services
work.
So we’ll save all that, load up our app
and you can see its working same as before
with no errors, cool.